Added python quickstart (#83)
icure/medtech-docs: sdks/quick-start/python-quick-start.md

---
slug: python-quick-start
description: Start your Python App
---

# Start your Python App
Now that your iCure environment is successfully set up, you will be able to start the creation of your Python Server App.

The typical use case for creating a Python application is to build a service, that will process the records created by your users and compute advanced statistics/analysis on them.

All medical data is encrypted by default inside iCure. This is why you need to be able to decrypt it in your Python app before being able to process it. In the following Quick Start, *you* are connecting using the credentials of the parent organization.

In this Quick Start, we assume you already followed the [Quick Start - Set up your environment](/{{sdk}}/quick-start/index.md) including the [Quick Start - Configure your parent Organisation](/{{sdk}}/quick-start/index.md#optional-configure-your-parent-organization-to-allow-patients-to-share-data-with-it) step.

> We also assume that you already have a React.JS or React Native App, that you have connected to iCure. Two other quick starts are available to help you with this: [Quick Start - Connect your React.JS App](/{{sdk}}/quick-start/react-js-quick-start.md) and [Quick Start - Connect your React Native App](/{{sdk}}/quick-start/react-native-quick-start.md). In this App you will have to set up sharing of encrypted information with the parent organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also assume that you already have a frontend web application, that you have connected to iCure. Two other quick starts are available to help you with this: [Quick Start - Connect your React.JS App](/{{sdk}}/quick-start/react-js-quick-start.md) and [Quick Start - Connect your React Native App](/{{sdk}}/quick-start/react-native-quick-start.md). In this App you will have to set up sharing of encrypted information with the parent organization.
```
